V8 Content Apps amends (#2051)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Content-Apps/index.md

Content Apps are **companions** to the editing experience when working with content or media in the Umbraco backoffice.

Content Apps are a new concept in Umbraco 8. Editors can switch from editing 'Content' to accessing contextual information related to the item they are editing.

![Content Apps in backoffice](images/content-app-1.png)

### Default Content Apps

**'Info'** - The 'Info' Content App is a default Content App for all items, replacing the 'Info' tab in Umbraco 7 for displaying Links, History and Status of the current content item.

### Custom Content Apps

As an integrated part of Umbraco it is possible for you as a developer to create and provide your editors with helpful Content Apps.

For example, you could create a Google Analytics integration within a Content App that displays to editors the current 'page views' for the content item they are editing.

#### Controlling Appearance/Position

> You can associate an icon with your custom Content App and control the position of your custom Content App, for example between 'Content' and 'Info' via a 'weighting' number.

Reviewer: The words `Content App` is used twice in one sentence.. couldn't we short it like:

```suggestion
You can associate an icon and control the position of your custom Content App. The posision, for example between 'Content' and 'Info', is set via a 'weighting' number.
```

What do you think? 🤔
